Subtitles by DramaFever
Don't leave.
I'll try my best to make you happy.
[Episode 13]
Did you sleep well?
Yeah.
Why are you smiling?
- Because you're pretty.
- You're crazy.
Isn't there anything you want to eat?
I'll make you something delicious.
- Go and make some ramen or something.
- Ramen? Okay.
But... I don't think there's
any more ramen, Ms. Lee Dan Ah.
Go and buy some, please.
- Whoa!
- You head back to Seoul first.
I'm going to stop by
my house first.
Should we all go together
and greet your parents, then?
Next time. See you guys
at the office tomorrow.
Yeah.
- I'm off.
- All right.
I'm a bit concerned.
Min Chan's parents will be quite angry
if they find out he's given up on
getting hired at a large company.
I'm sorry.
No. I'm okay with it,
as long as you are.
Father.
All right, then.
Do your best.
You've always done your best,
no matter what you did.
That's all you need to do.
If you do that,
things will all go well.
Yeah.
But, um, who are those folks?
Oh... Kang Soo!
Hello!
Nice to meet you.
My name is Choi Kang Soo.
This is the CEO of our company.
Oh, I see!
Please take good care
of my Min Chan, sir.
Yes, I will!
Thank you!
We'll do our best.
Come at me, Choi Kang Soo!
Here!
Hyah!
Ms. Dan Ah!
Do your best, Kang Soo!
Let's get some rest today
and work hard tomorrow!
Yeah, you worked hard, too.
All right, disperse!
We're the only ones who need
to leave, Gong Gi.
Oh, is that right?
Only we shall disperse, then!
Have a safe trip home!
You worked hard.
Want me to drop you off at home?
Um, no. It's fine.
I'll be going now.
Won't you let me make you happy?
Don't leave.
I'll try my best to make you happy.
Are you just getting back?
Huh?
Um, yeah.
And why are you touching
your lip like that?
What'd you do with
that mouth of yours?
- W-what?
- You kissed all night, didn't you?
What on earth are you talking about?
Yeah, I think we're past the point
of resolving this with just words.
Dad?
Master.
Put your martial arts uniform on.
All right, let's get started.
Um, Master. I've had a really
bad back lately, so...
And my knee hurts, too.
Hyah! Hurry up and come at me!
But Master! My body really isn't
as nimble as it used to be!
Let's spar next time.
I'll come at you first, then!
Ow, Master!
You really have become
pathetic, haven't you?
Your passion has been
extinguished completely!
That's not true, Master.
I still have a stubborn streak!
No, you've changed.
Your spirit has died!
It's because she's dating, Dad.
You pipe down.
Yes, sir.
Do not disappoint me any further.
If you cannot show me even
an ounce of skill
I will charge you for all the
free lessons I gave to you.
You've been taking them for 15 years
since you were six years old
so it'll be at least  10 million won!
All right, then.
I'm coming at you!
- Dad!
- Master!
- I'm okay.
What happened?
Oh, goodness!
What happened to you?
Sorry.
I drank a lot of alcohol, you see.
Ugh!
Oh gosh!
So you're not dead yet, eh?
You truly are
the best student I've ever had!
- Ugh!
- Dad!
What brings you to Seoul?
I was just curious about how
you two were getting by.
So, you're dating, eh?
Yes.
What kind of man is he?
He's just... really kind.
Just really kind...
Well, as long as he's kind,
it's okay.
But what have you been up to
in the meantime?
Dan Ah is great at English
and has a great relationship.
I'm just... you know.
How's she getting by?
She drinks and comes home late
a lot nowadays.
- Hey.
- And she walks around practically naked.
Lee Dan Ah!
Put your martial arts uniform on.
I only ever learned self-defense, Dad.
- Hurry up.
- No!
Oh gosh, I'm drunk!
Ugh!
I said, hurry up and put it on!
Dad, the sky is spinning.
Ugh.
Give me a piggyback ride.
Oh, you!
You truly are my daughter, eh?
Dad.
I really want to succeed.
I really want to make her happy.
Kang Soo.
Hyun Soo.
Are you really going
to be like this to me?
How could you call Sung Jae
over, but not me?
You... need to get more rest.
Ugh.
Why does everyone
keep telling me that?
You were sick, after all.
I'm all better now.
I'll report to work starting tomorrow.
What is it?
I told you, I'm really
all better now!
Do you want to arm-wrestle me?
Go where?
No, I'm staying here.
What are you saying?
Are you going to live at a
sauna for the rest of your life?
Yeah. This place is the best.
I can take care of everything here.
What about your spending, then?
It costs 9,000 won per day to come here,
and you eat 3 meals a day.
You're buying eggs and drinks, too!
You sure do eat a lot!
I'm paying for it with my
card anyway!
Why is it yours?
You gave it to me, so it's mine.
Don't talk back,
and just follow me.
Why? Where are we going?
You'll see.
Ugh, I don't like the sound of this.
Shut your mouth.
Hurry up and follow me.
Oh my.
I, um, haven't washed up yet.
Wait.
Wait, sirs. Wait.
Wait...
A favor?
Yeah, please keep an eye
on Yeon Ji.
Something about her
is definitely off.
What do you mean?
Just the sound of her voice when
she talks to me on the phone.
And she couldn't seem to meet
my gaze today, too.
So keep a close eye on her.
Drink this before you go, Dad.
Don't throw up on the train.
Is this the most effective one?
I don't know. I just saw it,
so I bought it.
All right, thanks.
You two should go home now.
Oh, there's a cab!
Dad!
Get home safely!
- All right, bye.
- Goodbye, Master!
How could he lose to his disciple?
Hey, he just went easy on me, is all.
No. He definitely lost that one,
fair and square.
I guess my dad's gotten old.
Oh yeah, did you know that someone
moved in to the third floor?
Oh, really?
What's their job?
I'm not sure about that, but...
she had a message for you.
She said, "Ji Yoon has moved in."
What?
I have to buy a rice cooker,
and spoons.
Hey.
Untie me right now.
Oh, and I need bowls, too.
Hey, are you out of your mind?
How could you bring me
to this neighborhood?
How could I possibly stay here?
Why?
Why can't you stay here?
It's much better than a new neighborhood
where you don't know anyone.
You have me, and a friend
like Mister, too.
Right?
I don't feel like explaining, and...
Just let me go!
This is a crime, you know!
All right, I'll untie you if you
promise me that you'll sit still.
All right, all right.
I'll do that.
I promise to sit still.
If you're going to sit still, it doesn't
matter if you're tied up or not.
Hey...
Who is it?
Hey, open the door!
It's me, Dan Ah!
Dan Ah...
It's Dan Ah.
Just a moment!
- It's Dan Ah.
- Shush!
Dan Ah!
What are you doing right now?
I told you not to move here!
I'm sorry.
I had no choice.
This is the only place I could find
at this size for this price.
- Ugh.
- I promise to be a quiet neighbor.
I won't inconvenience you
even this much.
- Damn it.
- Ugh!
It's not like she owns this building.
- She left.
- Dan Ah lives here too?
Yes.
No!
Are you out of your mind?
Why?
Am I not allowed to live in the
same building as Dan Ah?
Did you two not get along
when you worked together?
Did she hit you too,
by any chance?
Why would she have hit me?
You have nothing to worry about, then!
Wait, wait, please.
Please, untie this. Please!
- Please.
- I'll do it tomorrow morning.
Good night.
All right, let's get you on
the blanket.
- Wait, wait.
- There we go!
Lie down properly!
The pillow is here.
How can I lie down properly
when I'm tied up, huh?
- There we go, all done!
- Damn it!
Good night!
Hey!
Aren't you going to sleep?
No, I still have some
work left to do.
Yeah, Mom?
Where are you right now?
Seoul.
I told you that I was going
to see Kang Soo.
And I said that you couldn't.
Well, why not?
Just no, okay?
Kang Soo.
Please talk to her for me.
[Mom]
Yes?
Send Hyun Soo back here, now.
Hyun Soo can take care of himself.
Hyun Soo is an adult now, too.
Kang Soo.
I'm hanging up now.
Wow, you're really good at
shutting up my mom.
Get some sleep.
Want me to put down a blanket for you?
No, I might stay up all night.
Get some sleep.
Mr. Jin Kyu.
Wake up!
It's morning!
Did you sleep okay?
Do you think you would've slept well
if you'd been in my shoes?
But wasn't it much better than sleeping
all curled up at the park, though?
Ugh!
Here, have some breakfast.
Are you trying to fatten me up?
It's just good to help each other
out, as fellow lonely people.
Well, I'm not lonely.
"Lonely" means that you have nobody
by your side when you need them...
Hey, are you listening?
I... don't need anyone.
Well, it seems to me that you do.
- Why are you so forceful?
- I'm not.
I'm trying to discipline you and
steer you in the right direction.
When someone is immature, they need
a guardian to show them the way.
What?
It was the same for me when I ran away
from home and had nowhere to go.
My ideas became more and more reckless
and my IQ kept going down.
I feel like my IQ dropped to
that of a 5-year-old's.
I have no idea
what you're trying to say.
Acting like you don't know what I'm
saying when you do makes you a bad kid!
Ugh!
I barely managed to regain my senses
when Mister helped me
while I was starving on the street
and had no hope.
That's why I'm paying it
forward to you, Mr. Jin Kyu.
So hurry up and get your act together,
and help someone else.
If you do, our world will become
a much better place.
Are you running for
office or something?
Hurry up and eat that.
Your noodles will get overcooked.
I have another cup noodle,
so eat that for lunch.
And you can boil the water
in this coffee pot.
You're not going to tie me up
before you leave?
You have nowhere to go anyway.
See you in the evening, then.
Oh, hello, Ms. Dan Ah!
Where are you coming from?
None of your business.
Um, wait.
Where do I buy things
like spoons and such?
Go to the supermarket.
And where is that, exactly?
Go toward the subway stop
for Line 4, and then take the bus.
Which bus do I take?
There's directions there
when you go there.
All right.
Wait. Wait!
What do you want now?
I'm sorry, but can you be more
careful when you walk at home?
It's super loud.
Sorry, but just plug up
your ears instead.
Wow, she's so rude.
Mister really has bad taste in women!
This is the Jung Family building.
All items are available for breakfast.
Please eat breakfast here from now on!
We open at 6 a.m. now.
Hello, we're from Jung Family Foods.
They really are a force
to be reckoned with.
Their prices are super cheap
but if they do a lot of
advertising like this
the other restaurants
really have no chance.
Will they be able to handle such
a large number of customers, though?
Jung Family Seolleongtang had issues
because of the influx of customers.
No, I think that things are
different this time around.
Now, there isn't a single customer who
came here because of the wait time there.
How is this possible?
Let's go there.
Okay.
Welcome to Jung Family Hangover Stew!
I'm sorry, we don't have
any more free seats.
Would you mind going to Jung Family
Kimchi Stew on the third floor?
If you do that, we'll bring you
your blood sausage soup there.
That'd be great!
Let's go upstairs.
- Sure, let's go.
- Let's go.
So this is why our Restaurant Row
had no customers.
I think this entire building is being run
like a Jung Family food court.
There aren't any customers near
Restaurant Row.
We'll be able to establish ourselves here
faster than other Jung Family locations.
What brings you here?
I doubt you came here to eat.
I just came by to look around.
Did you come to spy on us?
Do you think you're capable
of copying us, though?
Not just any person
can be a businessman.
And you don't succeed just by
working hard at it.
So don't overextend yourself any further
and take the chance now to quit.
I will still see this through
until the very end.
One won't learn much unless
they see things through to the end.
That's a common mistake
among young folks.
They end up losing ten things
by trying to learn one thing.
That was a great idea.
When did you manage
to come up with that?
Just... you know.
Keep working hard.
If things go well, I'll appoint you
as the General Director of this building.
Yes, CEO Jung!
Thank you!
CEO Jung?
Chairman Oh's wife
is here to see you.
What brings you here?
Where is Jin Kyu?
I asked the other employees, and
they said that you fired him!
Well, ask again, then.
I never fired Jin Kyu.
I prepared a ceremony for him to
be appointed as a director
but he suddenly disappeared
that morning.
What do you mean, he disappeared?
Why would he?
He said that he has no intention of
living his life as an Ohsung Group heir.
What do you mean by that?
I told him the truth
and said that Chairman Oh would
accept him as his son again
if he became a successful businessman.
And to accept the director
position, and to work hard.
But he said he didn't want that.
He said that he has no intention of ever
being the chairman's second eldest son.
Where on earth is he now, then?
I don't know, either.
I'm doing all I can to
search for him right now, too.
Oh... goodness!
Thanks for everything.
But don't keep a wretched guy
like me in your company.
You know that ugly dolls look uglier
when you put them together, right?
Good luck.
So, you didn't have a single
customer come in today?
All we had were the 20
delivery orders that came in.
This isn't even enough
for us to break even.
Goodness, and our contract
will be up soon.
So we'll have to pay higher rent.
And Youngil Bank is telling us
that our loans are due
and that we need to repay
them immediately.
You have to pay back your
loans now, too?
Don't they usually give you an extension
if you pay off the interest consistently?
Yeah.
But this time they said no.
They flat-out refused!
Our loans aren't the only problem.
The building owners are saying that
they'll raise rent by 50 percent.
50 percent?
But the law says they can only
raise it up nine percent!
Oh, the law doesn't matter here.
Here, we have to pay whatever they
ask for and sign a contract, too.
If we don't, then the building owners
refuse to rent to us.
They can't just ignore the law like this
just because they're the building owners!
It's because they're more
powerful than the law.
You know the saying, "Building owners
are more powerful than God Almighty."
That's just how South Korean laws are.
We never protect the poor.
They just act like they are,
and then drop the act soon enough.
But we can't just stand around
and let them do this to us.
What's your plan, then?
We'll have to find a way.
Let's do this, then.
Do what?
Who do you think you are,
asking us to get together like this?
I told you. We have something to say
on behalf of your tenants.
Don't raise the rent this year.
- What did you say?
- What?
- What is she saying?
- What is this nonsense?
If you raise the rent
this year as well
we'll report the fact that you forced
a contract on your tenants
and all of your tax evasion
to the authorities.
- What?
- Why, you little...
Are you punks blackmailing us right now?
Yes, just like you've been
blackmailing your tenants all along.
- What the...
- What are you trying to pull, here?
I'm asking for us to coexist!
If all of the restaurants on
Restaurant Row go down
all of you will go down
alongside them.
What tenant would want to start a
business in an unsuccessful area?
This is a tough time for everyone.
So if we fight amongst each other,
all of us will go down together.
Looks like these young folks
have us trapped.
Jeez.
Damn it, what's got them so busy
that they can't even eat with us?
I hate eating alone with that guy.
They said that they had
an urgent meeting!
Damn it, how annoying.
When you're annoyed,
eat some jjajangmyun!
And when you're sad, eat some ulmyeon!
When things are chaotic,
eat some fried rice!
Tang, tang, tang, tang!
Here.
Eat up.
I put my heart into this.
I honestly feel like I'm going to cry.
Soon Ae!
Don't you know that I don't eat peas?
Do you not have a brain?
How many damn times
do I have to tell you this?
Nobody is allowed here after 10 p.m.
Mr. Jin Kyu!
Oh!
Oh, Ji Yoon.
Oh.
Wow, so this really works, huh?
I sent you a telepathic message
telling you to meet me here.
I didn't know that our minds
were so well-linked like this.
Oh, um, yeah.
Totally.
But, um, Ji Yoon.
I'll head back to your place first.
- What?
- I'll turn the lights on and such.
- Take your time walking home.
- Let's just go together.
No, no.
Take your time.
Take your time!
What's with him?
Whew!
Oh well, whatever.
You sure were good at
blackmailing them.
I learned it all from you.
Make sure you learn this kind of stuff.
You can't just be nice if you're going to
run a business in this kind of country.
You're the CEO, after all.
So you take care of the dirty work
and let your workers
live their lives as kind people.
Seeing you act like this really makes you
seem like the chairwoman.
I'll fire you as the CEO
if you don't do as I say.
Oh, wow!
Doesn't it feel like we're newlyweds
since we're acting like this?
What?
And what do newlyweds do
at a time like this...
Ow!
Whoa, ow!
Did that hurt?
Hey!
Hyun Soo is here right now?
Yeah. He said that he wants to
work at our company, too.
Are... you okay?
Go home.
You've worked hard today.
Okay, I'll be going.
Sweet dreams.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.
- Get home safely.
- Okay.
[Healing Yoga]
Oh... hey, you!
Let's play together.
- Dan Ah.
- What are you doing?
What do you mean,
what am I doing?
I thought you said you were
secretly giving lessons.
So where on earth are you
going right now?
Ah, I decided to take a break today.
I have a cold.
Then you should go home.
Why are you out in a place like this?
"A place like this"?
Are you talking about this bar?
Yes.
Yeon Ji.
Min Chan. You're here already?
Yes.
Oh, Dan Ah. Hello.
I was with you earlier.
What are you two up to?
Oh, we were just going to have a drink.
What?
You're the only one who can date?
D... date?
- Hey, then every night...
- That's right.
Things were kind of hot between us.
Is that so wrong?
Let's go, Min Chan.
Oh, okay.
What? Are you serious?
How shocking.
[DramaFever Ver] Episode 13 Strongest Deliveryman
-= Ruo Xi =-
Go on and eat. This is just for you.
Look at you letting your older bro
eat first.
You're the only person who truly
coaches me, Ho Young.
Every time the others open their mouths,
they tell me to give up, it's hopeless...
It won't work. Those hateful jerks.
Eat up.
Thanks for the food.
I'll only trust in you.
Please help Yeon Ji become my woman.
All right. Thank you.
Wow, I almost got in big trouble.
If I wasn't planning to meet you
today, Min Chan...
there would've been complete chaos.
She will find out someday, though.
I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
Let's just drink for now.
Here. Cheers.
Here you go.
Hurry.
Let's guard the things we should.
Let's take care of one another and
take things slowly.
Sure, okay.
Let’s make sure to do that.
I'll turn off the lights then.
Good night.
Boom.
Don't do that. It's not funny.
I'm telling you, it's not funny.
Okay. Go to bed.
- I promise not to.
- Don't promise. Just sleep.
Okay. Go to sleep.
Jump.
Stop that!
- Okay.
- It's not funny.
Sleep. I won't do it.
Seriously, stop it. I'm not joking.
I promise.
Zoom.
Don't say zoom.
Don't zoom.
I didn't do anything.
You did a zoom. Something came flying.
I really didn't.
You keep denying it...
Good night.
How can I sleep, huh?
How can I sleep when things come
flying at me?
Let's go shopping.
Go alone.
I couldn't sleep at all.
No, I won't get discounts if I go alone.
No, leave me alone.
Oh, seriously.
Save me.
Stop it, you psycho.
You're so heavy.
- You psycho.
- Just walk!
Welcome.
Oh my. You two look so good together.
Please don't lie.
No, no. Thank you.
Oh, this is perfect for two people.
I'll cook. Honey, you do the laundry.
I'll do both.
Just don't bother me at night.
Then you shouldn't bother me during
the day especially when I do the dishes.
Stop that.
I guess day or night doesn't matter
for you two.
You're right.
Let's go look at other stuff.
Enjoy your meal.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Here you go. Enjoy your meal.
Thank you.
- Hello.
- Oh, CEO Choi!
Oh, hold on.
Manger Kim, help out here.
Put your hat on properly. Thanks.
What brings you here?
Can I help you with anything?
I'd appreciate your help, of course.
Please help us distribute food.
Sure.
Thank you for your hard work.
You're even helping me clean up too.
You must have a favor to ask of me.
Yes.
- Is it a loan?
- Yes.
But, it's not for me.
It's for our affiliate restaurants.
Ah, I see.
I heard they're having a hard
time lately.
Aren't loans meant for people
going through hard times?
Yes, of course!
You came to the right person.
Who should you get loans from?
Na Han Tae.
- Thank you.
- Oh, no.
The vitality of the restaurants...
on our street...
I met him while delivering seolleongtang.
He has agreed to cover all the loans.
What are you making right now?
He needs a business plan in order to
convince management.
Something to show the vision that
this street has.
CEO Choi, have you not learned Word?
Huh? Well... no.
I never needed to use a computer.
Don't worry. It's only about ten pages.
I can stay up all night.
Oh my God.
- Get up, Boss.
- Huh?
Get your female employee to do it,
please.
Water.
Yes, water.
- Coffee.
- Coffee, coffee.
Coffee.
Something sweet.
Sweet? Something sweet.
Something sweet, what?
Here.
- Is it good?
- Yes.
This should have an outline around it
to emphasize it.
- Like this?
- Yes.
Also, I want the titles to be bigger
and bolder.
Yes, I was going to do that anyway.
I think we can take this out.
Which part?
From here to there.
From here...
Get away from me!
I'll get going now.
- Should I take you home?
- Forget it.
Bye!
What are you doing?
I'm taking you home.
- Wait for me!
- Go back.
That punk. Look at him.
Kang Soo looks really happy.
I thought the three of us
could finally have a drink.
I know.
Did you get a lot of exercise, CEO Choi?
Thank you for bringing me home.
Hey, get me some water.
Go to Lively Handmade Noodles and
have some.
Hey!
Hurry up.
I'm holding all the heavy stuff.
Who told you
to lose rock, paper, scissors?
You made me do it until you won!
Oh Jin Kyu.
What is it?
How did you end up with Ji Yoon?
Don't ask me. I'm suffering.
Where have you been all this time?
Just here and there.
What happened to you? Tell me.
It just worked out that way.
How about your business?
Is it doing well?
It's hard.
It was better when we were going at it
with each other.
Honestly, we're being pushed out and
we're in danger.
- Hold on for just six months.
- What?
Jung Family won't continue
selling at those low prices.
Once the competitors close and leave,
they'll raise their prices.
The seolleongtang that costs 5,500 won
now will go up to 8,000 won.
Really?
I checked all the other Jung Family
businesses and they all do that.
If another restaurant happens to open up,
they’ll have a lunch special.
They'll lower to 5,500 won again
and shut the other store down.
Even if the building is theirs...
they can't continue
selling at that price.
They may not pay rent,
but they pay a lot of bank interest.
They take out a loan of nearly
10 billion won to start a business.
Hold on for six months.
If you hold on until then,
Jung Family will fall.
You were set up on a marriage date?
Yes, my family forced me to.
You did it
even though you liked Kang Soo?
I had no choice.
They were going to force me on a plane
and send me to study abroad if I didn't.
So, what's your relationship now?
You don't live here with him, do you?
I do.
Don't get the wrong idea.
We haven't crossed any lines.
We keep a boundary when we sleep.
Wow, are you really naive, or corrupt?
I told you not to say that.
Okay, all right.
Keep your boundaries and live.
I'll be going.
- I have a question to ask.
- What is it?
Is Mister's company hiring anymore?
What are you trying to say?
If he is hiring,
I just want to recommend Jin Kyu.
He is experienced, so he'll do well.
We have no plans to.
Then how about as an intern or part-time?
It's hard if I'm the only one with
an income.
We both need an income.
- Wow.
- Please do me this favor.
I'll pay you back,
so can you stop calling?
Ah, language study abroad?
- Of course, you should go.
- All right.
No, no. Don't worry.
I'll do it for you.
Okay.
Your little sister?
Credit card company?
- How much do you need?
- 10 million won.
- How about you?
- 8 million won.
What are you going to do?
Of course we'll loan you the money.
Who would we lend money to if not for
young people with bright futures?
Of course, we should lend them a lot.
Let's go inside and sign the contract.
This way.
Hurry along.
Come on.
You're getting back now?
Yeah.
Did he drink?
We had a drink.
Why would you give him alcohol?
He wanted to drink.
Honestly, he hasn't been able to
drink for months.
He must've craved it a lot.
What are you going to do about Hyun Soo?
Are you going to employ him or not?
He should go home.
Gosh, what's with you, seriously?
He has to go home.
Do whatever you want.
I'm leaving.
Get home safe.
Hey, Boss.
Boss.
Yeah... you're here?
Yes. Why are you sleeping here?
I just fell asleep here.
Is Hyun Soo sleeping alone in the room?
Yes.
Where is Hyun Soo?
He's... on the second floor.
Can you get him for me?
Please leave.
I'll get Hyun Soo and leave.
I told you to leave.
Kang Soo.
Mom.
- Let's go.
- What's with you?
I said I'm staying here with Kang Soo.
Hurry up!
Mom, why are you acting like this!
Kang Soo, please stop my mom.
Kang Soo!
Go!
Kang Soo...
Go home.
Don't come back to Seoul.
Why are you being like this?
Let's go. Hurry up and let's leave.
I said hurry up!
Hurry up and let's go.
- Dan Ah.
- Yes?
Can you call up all our employees and
the owners of all the restaurants?
We came to an agreement with the building
owners not to increase rent this year.
We found a way to resolve the issue
of the expired loan agreements.
A new bank in this neighborhood will
give loans at a lower interest.
What's with all of your facial
expressions?
The rent isn't going up and the loan
issue has been resolved.
This is an amazing thing.
Because it was our CEO,
he was able to pull it off.
What good is it to resolve that?
There are no customers.
Yes, we need customers first.
Even if our rent doesn't increase and
we have the loans
what good would that do when we
don't have customers?
Yes, I realize that,
so I've been thinking.
We need to make food that customers
want like Jung Family does.
We need to use 100 percent domestic
ingredients like Jung Family.
We have to sell at an affordable price.
Don't you think we want to do that?
We would have no profit,
and that's why we can't.
I'll do what I can to get ingredients
directly from the suppliers.
You think that's easy?
Also, even if you manage to do that,
we need to pay rent every month.
So, how can we sell as cheap as
Jung Family?
Yes, I know it is hard...
but we must do it.
Even if you make only 100 won off one
dish, that's what we must do now.
If we hold on for six months,
Jung Family will fall.
Just like you have your rent,
Jung Family has interest on financing.
Jung Family can't last six months on
the low prices they're offering now.
Getting chased out because we
don't have money...
is something I really hate.
I know you all must hate getting chased
out when you've been for 10 or 20 years.
That's why I need you to hold on.
If we join hands and hold on...
we can win.
Kang Soo.
Let's stop now.
Sir.
How can we last six months?
Even one month is hard for people
like us.
Yes, we know how you feel.
I know what you're trying to say too.
However, people who have nothing usually
have to accept it even while knowing.
We don't accept it because we don't know.
We know everything.
We have to accept all of this because
there is no other way!
I'm sorry.
You worked hard.
Sir.
Wait, sir!
Hello, welcome.
I'd like to put up a restaurant for rent.
[For Lease]
Please get it rented quickly.
I'm just losing out on rent.
[There are no delivery orders.]
Please trust in me this once and
give it a try.
I'll try to protect this street somehow.
Can't you trust in me this once?
I'm asking you, just this once.
I'm sorry.
Here. Take this.
Kang Soo.
You should go.
Get some rest.
Go on.
- Yeon Ji.
- Huh?
- What?
- This place really won't do.
What... do you mean by that?
This country...
It really... it really won't do.
It won't change with just one
good person.
One good person can't do it.
What is it now? Did something happen?
That's why you should leave?
You always said so.
This place has no hope.
Why are you suddenly acting like this?
Just shut your eyes to everything
and leave.
Forget your family, Train Guy, everything
and just leave.
Don't worry about the people left behind.
Everyone will figure out a way to live.
A lot of people live without any hope.
A lot of people live life having
given up already.
Also, please study English already.
Since you met him,
how many pages have you done?
Open your book.
Go on now.
Dan Ah.
Try again.
Start again.
I don't know about others,
but I can't stand to see you give up.
I don't even want to imagine you living
life without hope.
Dan Ah.
I want to see it.
Someone like you succeeding.
So, show it to me.
Do it...
and make me happy.
Then I won't leave.
No...
Make it so I won't leave.
Dan Ah.
I love you.
I love you, Kang Soo.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Strongest Deliveryman]
It's my first time
eating food cooked for me.
I'm so happy.
We're all in the same boat together.
We're all going to succeed together
or all fail together.
Let's all cheers together.
We're all one!
This is all Choi Kang Soo's idea?
The heart usually moves faster than
the mind.
Before even I knew it,
my heart was with Jin Kyu.
The person who is pushing for the loan
is named Choi Kang Soo.
He is nice to a scary degree.
That is why this will work out well.